Filter --list/--list-configurables by status (#775)
MarketSquare/robotframework-robocop: docs/releasenotes/2.8.0.rst

> :orphan:

Reviewer: We should also update `docs/cli_options.rst:52-55` file accordingly and the description of this CLI command in `robocop/config.py:229`.

Nested argument files (#770)
---------------------------

Nesting argument files was not allowed before. Now it is possible to import other argument file in the argument file::

    --include some-rule
    --argumentfile base_argument_file.txt

Relative paths in the argument files (#693)
-----------------------------------------------

Argument files now support relative paths. The support was added for the ``pyproject.toml`` files before but it was
missing from the argument files.

It means that argument file can have paths relative to the argument file location::

    content of config/argumentfile.txt:

    --output robocop_output.txt # it will now refer to config/robocop_output.txt
    --ext-rules robocop/rules.py # it will now refer to config/robocop/rules.py

List only enabled or disabled rules #764
------------------------------------------

Robocop can list all rules with ``--list`` option (or ``--list-configurables`` to only list rules that can be
configured). Our every growing list of rules made the output of this command hard to read. That's why it is now
possible to filter rules with ``enabled`` or ``disabled`` special patterns::

>     robocop --list enabled

Reviewer: Having the option accepting PATTERN and also some custom words like `enabled`/`disabled` may be confusing, because one may think that we're using these words as pattern, not as special controls.

I like the idea of being able to list only enabled/disabled rules, so I thought that maybe a good idea would be to make them uppercase, to indicate them as special specifiers? For example, we can allow for:
```
robocop --list ENABLED
```
which will print all enabled rules. But running:
```
robocop --list enabled
```
would treat it as a pattern. What do you think, @bhirsz?

I think it will make it more clear how to use this option properly and will not confuse the users.

Author: I agree, it will make better distinction. I'm not too fond of using the same way of filtering by pattern and enabled/disabled but that was the best thing I could think of without introducing too much complexity. In some way "enabled/disabled" is also pattern of sort so we can use this field as "filter by anything that matches criteria". I will make it uppercase

    robocop -i *doc* -i line-too-long --list enabled
    robocop --exclude empty-lines-between-test-cases --list disabled
    robocop --list-configurables enabled

> The new feature still coexist with existing feature that allows to filter list output using pattern::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new feature still coexists with existing feature that allows to filter the output using pattern::
```

    robocop --list *line*

> However ``enabled``/``disabled`` patterns are more useful when you want to list only the rules that are enabled using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, ``enabled``/``disabled`` patterns are more useful when you want to list only the rules that are enabled using
```
